Create ui-c8y-1021-29-0-moved-the-size-request-into-the-server-side-data-callback.md (#2763)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-29-0-moved-the-size-request-into-the-server-side-data-callback.md

---
date: ""

> title: Moved the size request into the server side data callback.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Size request moved to server-side data callback
```

> title: Moved the size request into the server side data callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data grid size automatically adjusts when devices are modified
```

> title: Data grid size automatically adjusts when devices are modified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Data grid size automatically adjusts when device list is modified
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4147
version: 1021.29.0
---

> Moved the size request into the server side data callback.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In order to improve performance and reduce unnecessary network traffic, the size request for data tables has been moved to the server-side data callback. This change means that the size of the data set will now be determined on the server instead of the client. Users should notice faster loading times for data tables, especially for large data sets. No changes are required by users to take advantage of this improvement.
```

> Moved the size request into the server side data callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the data grid is updated (e.g., creating, deleting, or updating a device), the size is now adjusted automatically. This ensures accurate pagination and reduces unnecessary network requests. Users do not need to take any extra steps.
```

> When the data grid is updated (e.g., creating, deleting, or updating a device), the size is now adjusted automatically. This ensures accurate pagination and reduces unnecessary network requests. Users do not need to take any extra steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the device data grid is updated (for example, in case of creating or deleting a device), the size is now adjusted automatically. This ensures accurate pagination and reduces unnecessary network requests. Users do not need to take any extra steps.
```

> When the device data grid is updated (for example, in case of creating or deleting a device), the size is now adjusted automatically. This ensures accurate pagination and reduces unnecessary network requests. Users do not need to take any extra steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the device list is updated (for example, in case of creating or deleting a device), the data grid size is now adjusted automatically. This ensures accurate pagination and reduces unnecessary network requests. Users do not need to take any extra steps.
```
